Update index.md (#915)
SEKOIA-IO/documentation: _shared_content/automate/index.md

If you need to attribute this role to someone, go to Your Account settings > Managed Communities > The user in question > `+ Role` > Select `Symphony Operator`. 

> To learn more about how to attribute roles within your community, please refer to this [section.](https://docs.sekoia.io/getting_started/manage_users/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To learn more about how to attribute roles within your community, please refer to this [section.](docs/getting_started/manage_users.md) 
```
